Ah big brother
big brother
If you can't, put it down quickly
Otherwise you'll end up like me
Uncle, put it down
Let me do it hahahaha
I thought you were so good
It turned out to be just a twisted loneliness
If it doesn't work, put it down quickly
Is it so hard to admit that you are a piece of crap, big country?
If it really doesn't work, forget it.
You've done enough.
I can't count the ancestors, the ancestors' arms are watching
Our Zhaojiacun can lose to anyone
Can't lose to the person in charge
Uncle, put it down and let me come
If you continue like this
I could end up like my dad
10 years ago, I refused to come forward
It's because my son is too young.
I'm worried about my body
Can't feed a family
So I chickened out.
I also felt guilty for ten years
Ruolan, you are right.
To hide my cowardice and incompetence
This decade
I've been suppressing you father and daughter
But now it's different
My son has grown up
He got ahead.
Don't save the bus
I don't have any worries anymore
Even if I risk my life today
I can't lose Zhaojiacun either
And the faces of our ancestors